We did it,
we went through the whole course.
You really learned a lot about vuejs throughout the course, you learned a lot about its different features, how to use
these features, how to use them together and when to use them,
I won't repeat them all,
it's been pretty much. We learned about components, the general syntax, about how to interact with the
dom, about animations, state management, routing and now you're really prepared to build both smaller to
medium size to really large enterprise level sized applications.
In this module, we'll build our final course project,
now it's impossible to fit all the things we learned into one project
but this project here covers a lot,
here's what we're going to build.
We're going to build this stock trader app and as you can see, we have this nice starting page
and then of course we can go to the stocks page here and choose one of the four stocks we got.
Now on the top right, you see how many funds we got,
so why don't we buy 10 BMW stocks?
Well after buying that, our funds of course get updated and we now see them in our portfolio here, in this
portfolio we could now sell them
but since it's the same price, it doesn't make much sense
so let's end the day and see where the stock went.
It looks like BMW had a pretty bad day, price plummeted to $75,
of course not only in our portfolio but also here
but plummeting price is
always a good time to re-buy
so let's buy more of it and
let's hope for a recovery.
Well 79 is at least,
should we go for one more day,
well that looks better here.
So now I can sell these stocks and well overall, still a loss because of my first buy but at least not
that bad, anyways
it's not all we can do.
Let me buy some stocks again here, add them to the portfolio therefore and then we cannot only
end the day, we can also save our data and that will save it on a server in the database or in the web, excuse
me.
So that means that now if everything goes very horribly, we can always go back and load the data and
you'll see we're back to 81 which was the time when I saved this. This is this application, has our stocks,
has the possibility to save all the stocks here as well as our portfolio to the Internet, has
this end day feature, has some nice animations between our routes here as you can tell and a lot of other nice
things we learned throughout the course.
Now here's your challenge, try to build this on your own,
I know it's a lot of features but it's nothing you haven't learned.
We got some dropdown here where you should listen to a click and then show this conditionally,
we get animations when switching routes,
we've got routing to begin with, we're somehow managing the state,
I can tell you I'm using vuex for this and so on.
So yes it's a lot of stuff but you can do it
and if you want to follow along instead,
this is what I'll start with in the next video, we'll build this step by step and then you'll still get
the chance to hop off at some point and build the rest on your own.
So with that, I'd say let's get started.